hello to all guys and welcome back on
channel playing flash air france
this is a rather unusual video because
we usually set we don't carry
attacks so sorry I can call them e
this year quite unusual attack
bomb about the look the resources then
and we thought it necessary to do just one
separate videos do not categorize into one
series in short , therefore it makes sense
have available resources and the attacker
has evidence they have in our clan
as well as a boy who also participates in
details of our lives and also to the
video of hi tech gargoyle
then place 100,000 faces the channel is
a boy who to our friend who
we know for ourselves and sandra sera
we kept because we thank the gazebo
change this video you see uses
a rather unusual technique that is
only hot air balloons hounds without the mastiffs
may have that the roi that are at 15 and 14
He has used only for a certain rage
one hundred that we say enough to the
photo finish then final touch and engrave
a lot, however, is always money advice
girls over 1,300 million are 1300 mi
1,300,000 of total resources
adding black gold okay answers time
pay percent to convert them either
visual other story
our attack ends
a big thank you to brooke
beware of scripts when bad